>> Steve Kinney: So,
we've got some sub-collections.
What I'd really like to do is look
at using Firebase, the context API,
to create one of those high order
components like that withRouter,
cuz that's another pattern
to hook into Firebase
that we might really like
in our React application.
And this one's not gonna be too bad,
cuz we're gonna cheat, and we're going to
leverage the work that we already did
with the user context provider before.
So, a higher order
component is effectively
a component that returns
another component, right?
Based on stuff like
higher order functions,
because we asked all about
the functional programming, right?
So, basically it's a component.
You give it one, it wraps it in a new
component that passes more prompts in.
And that's the magic of JavaScript in
closures, everything just kinda works.
All right, so let's go ahead.
We're gonna make a new
component called withUser.
>> Steve Kinney: Right, and withUser.
We're going to put in react.
And we're gonna bring
in that user context.
We could write all of the code that
we wrote before in that user context,
where we were subscribing to everything,
so on and so forth.
But we already wrote it.
[LAUGH] I don't wanna
write that code again,
I didn't like it last time I wrote it.
I have it written once and
I'm not doing it again.
So, make a new component
called withUser and
it will take a component as an argument.
Which feels weird, but
look at that withRouter,
withRouter took our Post Page component
and returned a new component.
That passed in all the React writer stuff.
So, we're going to basically
implement that pattern, so
it's no longer black magic to us.
And we could figure how to
hook in the Firebase with it.
So, we're gonna make a new
one called wrapped component.
>> Steve Kinney: And that wrapped
component is gonna take some props,
and it's going to return.
>> Steve Kinney: Whatever component we've
passed in, pass in the user, and then like
whatever other components, or like
whatever other props it takes, right?.
Whatever other props you passed in,
those props but also the user.
>> Steve Kinney: Mm, curly prices are fun.
I gotta hope the code
doesn't bite me twice here.
Famous last words.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
And then we just return
that wrapped component.
Again if this looks gnarly,
just remember it takes a component and
returns a component that take some props.
Whatever those props that got passed
in it adds user on to those and
gives you back that component.
>> Steve Kinney: We do
one other thing just for
debugging happiness because I
feel the need to be responsible.
Which is, bubble will go ahead and
use the name of a constant or
the name of a class to give
your components a display name.
So, when you look at them in
the React tools, you see like,
the name of the component, otherwise
if you ever saw like just _class,
that's what they're called otherwise.
And so most of the components you write
normally get names at compile time,
or the build process puts in
the part that gives them names.
In this case we're dynamically
generating a component, so
we're really quick gonna just
give ourselves this function get,
guess I do const getDisplayName,
that's gonna take in WrappedComponent.
>> Steve Kinney: And what it's gonna do,
it's gonna look at the name,
this is gonna get the name of a component,
and so we can basically take the name of
that component and name this component
that, and we'll call it withUser.
So, there's unfortunately, over time,
there's a bunch of different ways
it could have a component name.
So, it's either got a displayName,
>> Steve Kinney: Or a name.
Or if all us fails,
just call it component.
>> Steve Kinney: And then what we
will do is, we'll say that this.
>> Steve Kinney: New Wrappedcomponent.
>> Steve Kinney: DisplayName.
>> Steve Kinney: With user and
then whatever it was named previously.
This is totally optional but let me just
tell you right now, if you don't do this
eventually when you go to debug your code
like two months from now, nothing will
make any sense and everything will just
have no name and you'll be really sad.
This is what Redux does.
When you do connect this
happens to you out of the box,
really we're just
dispelling myths right now.
All right.
So, go with user now with postpaid
we can bring in with user.
>> Steve Kinney: There it is.
And we'll just wrap that as well.
So, I'll say with.
And there are helper methods like compose
that make this a little bit better.
So there, you can just say, compose,
give it a series of functions and
then the component, and
that just runs it through all of them.
It's the same as this,
but it looks prettier.
So, we'll say with user, and now we should
have, we'll console.log the props first.
>> Steve Kinney: When
this component mounts.
>> Steve Kinney: Look at that,
along with match and all the other stuff,
look who we got.
We got the user,
right pass into that component as well.
So, these are the ways that you
don't have to pass everything down
through your application.
You basically hook up in the Firebase
with the common things that you need.
You can pas in the comments as you
need them, so now what we can do
is we can basically say const user equals
this.props
>> Steve Kinney: I'll
put the user in there.
All right,let's try it out.
>> Steve Kinney: And say we've got
the username passed in, right?
So just again, some interesting state
management tools that you're not like
at the whim of just like kind
of at every component mount,
hooking into everything, right?
And especially with the provider, there is
a thing that we kind of didn't talk about
that the provider is really good at which
is, we're making that first query once.
So, if many components
are using that provider,
that's the same query
being fed to all of them.
It's not like you have ten components that
need the user that are all asking hey,
user slash whatever the new idea is,
right?
Because those are each kinds of query.
This is one query done by the provider,
passed to any component that needs it,
right?
And since we're subscribing,
that means every time the user changes,
which is probably not that often,
it's still one query,
rather that every component asking for it.
So, being clever with state
management can also save you money.